{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red87\green88\blue90;\red87\green88\blue90;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c34118\c34510\c35294;\csgenericrgb\c34118\c34510\c35294;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 THE UNNAMEABLE \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone \
INSA ART SPACE'S FUNITURE & MIXED MEDIA DIMENSIONS VARIABLE \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl131\partightenfactor0
\cf3 2013 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\ulnone \
This piece was created as part of the exhibition \'93Stage for ( )\'94. The Stage for ( ) is, in a word, about the planning of and tricky questions about the reality of creation. This was intended to be shown through the mixing of two spaces (curator\'92s office and exhibition area) in a shaken and confused way. The 2nd floor of this space was intended as a place where staff and visitors can meet. Using intuitive placement, the Insa Art Space\'92s furnishings were rearranged into a 2nd floor exhibition area, with the staff doing their normal work on the 2nd floor, like performers. Visitors entering the office-like exhibition are faced with everyday items that are familiar (fans, curtains, etc.), which helps to add a layer of oddity to the situation and as they interact with the actors on the stage, they become themselves another type of performer. \
\'93With different things colliding and combining in this space, this area becomes a stage for potential prospects. The objects in this space, rather than having individual meanings and results, coexist and work together to creator a smoother over all meaning of an incomplete process. Through this direct sensory experience of \'91here and now\'92, and through direct participation, it is possible to create, combine, and deconstruct new meanings.\'94 - 
\f1\i Artist Statement 
\f0\i0 \
}